Amazon Ads API: Manage advertising programmatically | Amazon Ads Technology and services Amazon Ads API Manage advertising programmatically with our advertising API Building applications through the Amazon Ads API gives you the ability to plan, activate, and measure programmatic media strategies on Amazon more effectively and at scale. Request API access Benefits Benefits of Amazon Ads API The Amazon Ads API serves as a bridge to provide direct access to Amazon’s signals, supply, and technology to unlock more customization and scaled opportunities for managing and reporting on advertising. Build applications that connect to one another using APIs Building applications through the Amazon Ads API gives you the ability to manage campaigns and report on your advertising activity with Amazon in a programmatic and scalable way. Enable the development of flexible solutions that serve your needs and goals with APIs APIs allow the building of custom reporting dashboards, automatic bid and keyword optimizations, always-on budget optimization, and more customized solutions to fit your business needs. Help create opportunities for advertising optimizations through APIs Through the use of APIs, you can create custom rules, gather more detailed reporting, and allow for automated campaign, budget, and bid optimizations to make the most of advertising efforts. Direct access Amazon Ads technology API integrations gives you programmatic access to Amazon Ads products like sponsored ads , streaming TV , Amazon DSP , Amazon Marketing Cloud (AMC) , and Amazon Marketing Stream . More information can be found on the advanced tools center . Who can use the Amazon Ads API? The Amazon Ads API offers tailored solutions to streamline campaign management and maximize advertising impact. Typical users include: Advertising solution providers who integrate with the API and offer paid management and reporting tools to agencies and advertisers who lack the development resources and bandwidth to directly integrate with the Amazon Ads API Agencies that have internal engineering resources and that manage a significant volume of advertising campaigns for advertising clients Advertisers who manage their ad spend, have internal engineering resources, and directly run a significant volume of Amazon Ads campaigns API access Request Amazon Ads API access The Amazon Ads API requires an application and approval process before access is granted. The process will vary based on the categorization of your organization. Select the option that best describes your company: Partner Businesses that build applications and software solutions to automate and help optimize advertising on behalf of others can access the Amazon Ads API as a third party. Request registration to call the Amazon Ads API and license your application to others. Request API access via Partner Network Direct advertiser Advertisers can use the Amazon Ads API to automate, scale, and optimize advertising activities and reporting. Request registration to access the Amazon Ads API on behalf of your own advertising account. Request API access resources Amazon Ads API resources Amazon Ads advanced tools center Welcome to the advanced tools center, where you can learn more about our advertising technology, how to get started, and how to grow your advertising activities. Amazon Ads API onboarding overview The Amazon Ads API enables you to manage the advertising resources associated with an Amazon advertiser using a REST API. Amazon Ads API overview The Amazon Ads API enables Amazon advertisers and members of the Amazon Advertising Partner Network to programmatically manage advertising operations. Programmatic advertising Programmatic advertising refers to the practice of automating media buying and creating digital ads with the use of marketing technology. For an effective programmatic advertising strategy, use an automated workflow to effectively deliver ads to your audience. Case study API integration dashboard helps companies optimize API health Learn how the Amazon Ads API integration dashboard makes it easier for Saras Analytics and BidX to manage their API technology. Learn more Highlights 98% Call success improved from 30% to 98% 1 Insight to solve Identification and causation of widespread issue, giving the team insight to solve 2 Hours saved Hours saved each week across developer, customer support, and product manager roles 2 Amazon Ads API FAQs How much is the API fee? There are no additional fees from Amazon Ads to use the API. The only fees include standard account fees to sell on Amazon, as well as the campaign costs for using Amazon Ads advertising products. Will I be charged for ads that show on Amazon while testing the API? We offer test accounts for development and testing purposes. Ads created in this environment will not show on Amazon, and therefore no fees will apply. I’m an advertiser without much experience using APIs. How can I perform bulk changes to my Amazon Ads campaigns? If you are using a third-party solution to manage your selling on Amazon inventory, order, and pricing information, or are using an agency to manage your online advertising, we recommend asking your partner if they offer API integration in their solution. For a list of regions in which the Amazon Ads API is currently available to solution providers and advertising agencies, see the “ API Endpoints ” section of “How to use the Amazon Ads API.” Alternatively, you can use the bulk operations feature for sponsored ads and Amazon DSP. Sellers can access this in Seller Central, while vendors can access this in the advertising console. Where can I find solution providers who offer access to API-integrated tools? If you’re looking for an agency to help plan and manage your Amazon Ads campaigns, or a tool provider that can offer unique technology solutions, you can turn to the Amazon Ads partner directory for support. The partner directory is an online resource that makes it easy to find a partner that’s right for your business. When searching on the partner directory, you can filter by criteria like “products,” “marketplaces,” or “service model” to identify a partner most relevant to your business. Do you have a Developers Portal? Yes, we have an Amazon Ads API Developers Portal . You’ll find onboarding materials, documentation, release notes, and more. You can sign into the advanced tools center to see a personalized dashboard experience. We also offer a Github repository for developers. Who should apply for API access? Developers interested in building applications using the Amazon Ads API. Advertisers looking to work with a third-party tool that uses the API do not need to request API access. Sources Agency-provided data, India, United States, 2023-2024 Agency-provided data, Germany, 2023-2024